Hi everyone, as promised, here I am
with the second video dedicated to the widget
kronus made by the team china gene
which allows us to have a widget
complete with weather clock and events
dog taken from the calendar
the widget is free and as you can
see and also customizable as
first thing I can tell you we can
resize the widget based on
space on our screen and see
more or less all the information to have
fast connections indeed
to the clock application by clicking
on the clock we will be able to enter inside
watch application and possibly
can stay awake and display the time e
the date activate the chronometer on
countdown
ok we can view the eventual
future alarms and the level of the
battery in this case over one hundred
I hope it's enough for me to finish the video
second second part of the widget we have
time and daily indications e
clicking on it we will be able to visualize
also those of the following days with
any
temperature information on
maximum on maximum and minimum
possible day temperature
precipitation humidity and in this case
this is also the wind for
customize the weather part
we can also choose a set of
pre-installed colics where once
you will have installed the widget will be two
while if you want to expand the set of icons
we can connect to the play store e
install seven more cona last
part of the widget is the link to
calendar of the system of the few
words from our phone
as you can see here we can scroll
downwards also possible events e
choose how many to display on the CEO
by default
I left the setting to two
weeks if you wish
add without entering into the
calendar a fast event we can
explain on the button more and how you can
see set up a single event
ok it's not over because now we go to
see the various point customizations
cone colors and others
settings that could come back
useful for customizing the widget and in
based on our customization
general
we are going to open kronus ok as you can
see for every single item
alarm clock weather news
calendar we can go to set up
different aspects
we say that for all we can also the
I can do
we can set the for example the
bold color we might as well
go set up
the color is no bold only on
hours in as in the case of both or only
on the minutes
ok data is awake and as you can see
in the pro version we could have others
additional settings here is how I had it
mentioned at the beginning I looked for the
battery in this case we can
also display the percentage of the
battery
the next alarm clock and show the date
once we have chosen all the
settings that interest us
we will have to tick it to apply them to the al
widget
same thing for the weather we can
precisely choose the interval of
update the source I left
the increases or however as you can see there
other sources display the weather
obviously we for every single item of the
widgets also based on ours
preferences maybe you also have another
weather widget we can choose
also not to display it maybe us
we want to play only the date and the
calendar just remove this
tick and the weather will not be displayed
the widget is another thing is the position io
now I let the widget survey
the position automatically however us
however we can go to insert a
single city
I now the automatic school because
now I prefer to set them and set of icons
now as you can we have two
clicking on other two will direct us
on the play store and we will choose between
other cona sets
ok other settings for the style of
weather and the various units of measurement
and anyway let's say they are settings
that there are also in other applications
the weather also in this case as I had
already senate we can also set the
lettering color ok
same speech also for the calendar
we will have dedicated settings for
calendar application anyway
also in this case we could go to
customize the appearance of the example
the color according to our tastes that
general aspect in this case not
you can see them from here in this case
free version
we may have other settings ok
rescue and recovery here we can
save settings make a
backup the widget in the way of
restore it if eventually in the
in case maybe we decided to
uninstall it and then install it
later ok i got the news
you can see I have not used it
show news because sincerely
I don't care, though, though
you want to try it you can also activate it
OK nothing
for this widget in my opinion very much
complete and also customizable e
all as always always found in the
description of the video and within the
video the link 2
where to download the widget o
application
in question we see each other next
video where I thought I'd show you the
new clean master update where
I had already made the dedicated video though
with the last update that came out
for a while it has changed completely graphically
and added some customizations and
quick shortcuts in my opinion
interesting
nothing for the moment is all about
next hello